## 5.0.0 (2024-12-19)
- Removed all deprecated Dart Sass features.
- Is a Sass Module which needs to be imported using the [Node.js Package Importer](https://sass-lang.com/documentation/at-rules/use/#node-js-package-importer).

## 4.0.1 (2021-05-21)
- Fixed: The `/` should not be used as a division operation anymore, all division should use `math.div()` instead.

## 4.0.0 (2017-04-12)
- Removed: The `column` grid type is no longer supported, `fractions` is the only remaining grid type. The last version to support columns is 3.0.1

## 3.0.1 (2017-03-24)
- Fixed: Cells within unstretched grid sections now behave properly in IE10.

## 3.0.0 (2017-03-06)
- Changed: Direct child elements of a grid cell no longer automatically stretch to occupy the full width and height of the cell.
- Added: `grid--content-stretch` class to ensure that direct child elements of all grid cells automatically occupy the full width and height of the cell.
- Added: `grid--content-unstretch` class to disable stretching behaviour of the direct child elements of grid cells within a grid section.
- Added: `cell--content-stretch` class to ensure that direct child elements of a specific grid cell automatically occupies the full width and height of the cell.
- Added: `grid--content-unstretch` class to disable stretching behaviour of the direct child elements of a specific cell within a grid section.
- Added: Responsive classes for the content-stretch behaviour.
- Added: Change the default stretching behaviour of direct child elements of grid cells with the new `$ezpz-grid-default-content-stretch` setting. The default setting is `unstretch`, the alternative option is `stretch`.

## 2.2.2 (2017-01-17)
- Fixed: Broken if else statement in the create-grid-cell() mixin.

## 2.2.1 (2017-01-17)
- Changed: Included `baseline` property in grid and cell alignment error messages.

## 2.2.0 (2017-01-17)
- Added: `baseline` option to grid and cell alignment.

## 2.1.0 (2017-01-13)
- Added: Change the default alignment behaviour of cells in a grid section with the new `$ezpz-grid-default-align` setting. The default setting is `stretch`, the alternative options are: `start`, `center` and `end`.

## 2.0.9 (2017-01-12)
- Fixed: Cells now correctly wrap to a new line in IE11 and below, instead of overflowing the grid element on the right side when there is insufficient space to house them all on a single row.
- Fixed: Cells without a specific width now maintain the same width as other cells within the same grid element, instead of changing in size depending on content length.

## 2.0.8 (2017-01-12)
- Fixed: Changed optional gutter-collapse value from `true` to `false`.

## 2.0.7 (2016-10-14)
- Fixed: Revert `width: 100%;` on grid cells.

## 2.0.6 (2016-10-14)
- Fixed: Bug with IE grid wrapping.

## 2.0.5 (2016-10-13)
- Fixed: Gutter collapse.

## 2.0.3 (2016-09-05)
- Fixed: Collapsed and Expanded classes are not generated by the grid.

## 2.0.2 (2016-08-04)
- Fixed: The normal (non breakpoint) classes for offset are not generated by the grid. (Issue #12)

## 2.0.1 (2016-07-25)
- Added: *$ezpz-grid-default-wrap*. Makes it possible to set the default wrap type for the grid.

## 2.0.0 (2016-07-25)
- Changed: Rewrote entire file to make use of the power of mixins
- Added: Possibility to use the grid with mixins only
- Added: Documentation can be found in the docs directory
- Added: *$ezpz-cell-namespace* so the cell namespace can be changed through the variables aswell

## 1.1.1 (2016-04-29)
- Changed: $ezpz-namespace from *'grid'* to *'.grid'*
- Changed: rename *$class-name* to *$modifier*

## 1.1.0 (2016-04-13)
- Added: No-wrap breakpoint functionality
- Added: Max-width to cell elements to prevent overflow issues
- Added: align-self: stretch;
- Added: Negative margins on .grid
- Added: NPM publishing
- Added: Added cell--{breakpoint}-1 option to the grid
- Changed: .gitignore
- Changed: Readme
- Removed: Debug log
- Removed: Justify-content: center; from .cell

## 1.0.0 (2016-01-14)
- Initial release
